add limit sec to readme (#15)
aiola-lab/whisper-medusa: README.md

-------

## Limitations

- Whisper Medusa was trained on the LibriSpeech dataset, where each sample was recorded in an isolated environment. 

> As a result, the model's robustness to background noise is limited. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, the model's robustness to background noise may be limited. 
```

- The model is optimized for English audio with sampling rate of 16kHz.

> - Only 30 seconds of audio can be processed at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The current code supports transcription of audio files of up to 30 seconds.
```
